ci: update error reference docs (#6727)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/reference/errors/no-prerendered-routes-with-domains.mdx

---
# NOTE: This file is auto-generated from 'scripts/error-docgen.mjs'
# Do not make edits to it directly, they will be overwritten.
# Instead, change this file: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
# Translators, please remove this note and the <DontEditWarning/> component.

title: Pre-rendered routes aren't supported when internationalization domains are enabled.
i18nReady: true
githubURL: https://github.com/withastro/astro/blob/main/packages/astro/src/core/errors/errors-data.ts
---
import DontEditWarning from '~/components/DontEditWarning.astro'

<DontEditWarning />

> **NoPrerenderedRoutesWithDomains**: Static pages aren't yet supported with multiple domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable pre-rendering for the page COMPONENT

## What went wrong?

> Static pages aren't yet supported with i18n domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable pre-rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Static pages aren't yet supported with i18n domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable prerendering.
```

> > **NoPrerenderedRoutesWithDomains**: Static pages aren't yet supported with multiple domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable pre-rendering for the page COMPONENT
> 
> ## What went wrong?
> Static pages aren't yet supported with i18n domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable pre-rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **NoPrerenderedRoutesWithDomains**: Static pages aren't yet supported with multiple domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable prerendering for the page COMPONENT

## What went wrong?
Static pages aren't yet supported with i18n domains. If you wish to enable this feature, you have to disable prerendering.
```
